Fix documentation about Magikarp length calculation and bugfix about "Magikarp lengths can be miscalculated" (#1100)
pret/pokecrystal: docs/bugs_and_glitches.md

### Magikarp lengths can be miscalculated

> The function `CalcMagikarpLength` is supposed to determine a Magikarp's length by using the Trainer's ID and the Magikarp's DVs, `xor`ing the values, store the result in `bc`, use it as an index to select an entry from the `MagikarpLengths` table and calculate the Magikarp's length, but it doesn't work as intended. The local function `.BCLessThanDE` is supposed to compare the index (stored in `bc`) with a threshold (stored in `de`) from the table to select the correct entry, but it only compares the high bytes of both inputs, which means that the wrong entry might be selected.
> 
> This bug also causes the first entry of the `MagikarpLengths` table to go unused and `bc` values between 65280 and 65509 to use the wrong formula. As a side effect, the highest possible length is capped at 1625mm (before being converted to feet and inches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CalcMagikarpLength.BCLessThanDE` only compares the high bytes of `bc` and `de`. This causes the first entry of the `MagikarpLengths` table to go unused, and `bc` values between 65,280 and 65,509 to use the wrong formula. As a side effect, the highest possible length is capped at 1,625mm (before being converted to feet and inches).
```

Author: I admit I can be very verbose at times. Ahahahaha...
